1. Explain the significance of a method’s signature in method overloading.
	As long as the signatures are different, methods are different, which allows
	method overloading (different sifnatures with different parameters)
	
	In methods overloading, a method has the same signature but with different parameters, 
	which allows the same signature to have different implementations

2. What is the purpose of the Java Virtual Machine?
	The Java Virtual Machine (JVM) is the runtime engine of the Java Platform, 
	which allows any program written in Java or other language compiled into 
	Java bytecode to run on any computer that has a native JVM.

3. Explain the major benefit of Inheritance in the context of Polymorphism?
	A subclass's data structure is also it superclass's data structure, 
	it allows Polymorphism to have single object with multiple data structures

4. Explain Java’s approach to the concept of Multiple Inheritance?
	A class can only inherit from one superclass, but its superclass can also
	inherit from another superclass.

5. What is the benefit of utilizing Exception Handling in the context of File IO?
	Exception handling enables a program to continue its normal execution when 
	encountering File IO errors including FileNotFound, DirectoryNotFound, and so on.

6. How does Java’s use of static typing benefit the Java programmer?
	An variable's data type is declared when it is created and cannot be changed, 
	so Java programmer will not be confused by the data type of an variable

7. How many constructors can a class have?
	As many as the programmer wants, with different parameters.

8. What is an Interface in Java and how does it support Polymorphism? (2 points)
	An interface is a class-like construct for defining common operations for objects.
	When a interface is implemented, it also introduces the interface's data structure,
	allowing the data type of an interface referring to another object.
	
	When a class implements an interface, it also gets the data type of this interface.
	This allows the data type of an interface referring to other objects.
